resource/aws_msk_cluster: Correct vpc_connectivity state path in UpdateConnectivity (#47515)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/47515.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/aws_msk_cluster: Fix `broker_node_group_info` `vpc_connectivity` updates by correcting the Terraform state path used in `GetOk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_msk_cluster: Fix a request parameter error when updating `broker_node_group_info.vpc_connectivity` configuration block. This fixes a regression introduced in [v6.40.0](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#6400-april-8-2026)
```
I think the maintainers would prefer this for the release note, as it focuses on user impact and avoids including implementation details.

Author: Thanks. The commit has been updated
